1.What is the importance of functions in python?
ans : Functions in Python : You use functions in programming to bundle a set of instructions that you want to use repeatedly or that, 
because of their complexity, are better self-contained in a sub-program and called when needed. That means that a function is a piece 
of code written to carry out a specified task.


2.What is function call and function definition?
ans : A function is a subprogram that returns a value. The data type of the value is the data type of the function. A function invocation 
(or call) is an expression, whose data type is that of the function. Before invoking a function, you must declare and define it.


3.What is parameter/argument?
ans : A parameter is the variable listed inside the parentheses in the function definition. An argument is the value that are sent to the 
function when it is called.


4.What is the purpose of return statement?
ans : A return statement ends the execution of a function, and returns control to the calling function. Execution resumes in the calling 
function at the point immediately following the call. A return statement can return a value to the calling function.


5.Create a function to find out Cube of given number?
ans : 
def cube(x):
    return x * x * x
n = int(input(" Enter the number : "))
cube1 = cube(n)
print("The Cube of {0}  = {1}".format(n, cube1))


6.Create a function to reverse a  given string?
ans : 
def reverse(string):
    string = "".join(reversed(string))
    return string
    
s = "SoftHunt"
print ("The original string is : ",end="")
print (s)
print ("The reversed string(using reversed) is : ",end="")
print (reverse(s))


7.What is Anonymous function in python?
ans : Python Lambda Functions are anonymous function 
means that the function is without a name. As we already know that the def keyword is used to define a normal function in Python. 
Similarly, the lambda keyword is used to define an anonymous function in Python.


8.List out some built-in functions in python 
ans : 
print( ) function.
type( ) function.
input( ) function.
abs( ) function.
pow( ) function.
dir( ) function.
sorted( ) function.
max( ) function.















